README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: added a read me file
- created a read me file that displays my tech stacks

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:

Hi! I’m Gabriel Ibanez, a frontend developer and designer focused on creating amazing digital experiences. I’m currently refining user interfaces and deepening my knowledge in React, Next.js, and Remix.<br><br>I’m eager to collaborate on frontend and UI/UX projects—let’s connect if you’re interested in working together! I’d also love to hear about any new trends or tools in the field.<br><br>Fun fact: I run Animaflix, a site for anime, manga, and movies, blending my design skills with my love for anime!<br><br>Looking forward to connecting!

## 🌐 Socials:

[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/gabriel.ibanez.391) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/just_some_random_gab) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/gabriel-christian-ibanez-30271b298)

# 💻 Tech Stack:

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat-square&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Bun](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bun-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=bun&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=flat-square&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat-square&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=flat-square&logo=opencv&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Remix](https://img.shields.io/badge/remix-%23000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=remix&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Zod](https://img.shields.io/badge/zod-%233068b7.svg?style=flat-square&logo=zod&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=flat-square&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat-square&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=flat-square&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat-square&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=flat-square&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Cisco](https://img.shields.io/badge/cisco-%23049fd9.svg?style=flat-square&logo=cisco&logoColor=black) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:

![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=occasionalcode&theme=jolly&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=occasionalcode&theme=jolly&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=occasionalcode&theme=jolly&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote

![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
